kshvmdn - GitHub repositories

name                 desc                                                                                    lang          stars  star_str
-------------------  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  ----------
alexa-site-comparer  Compare Alexa stats for multiple websites.                                              JavaScript        0  stars
border-times         Waiting times for entering the US from Canadian borders served as a Web API.            Python            1  star
cookie-byter         A CS-themed click game.                                                                 JavaScript        1  star
define-it            Node package to get the definition of words.                                            JavaScript        0  stars
einfo-scrapers       Web API for Canadian post-secondary data from Electronic Info.                          Python            0  stars
facebot              Facebook Messenger bot, built at UofTHacks III.                                         JavaScript        1  star
github-list          Generate a list of a users' GitHub repositories in various formats.                     Python            6  stars
insta-dl             Download photos from any public Instagram account.                                      Python            0  stars
kshvmdn.github.io    Personal site                                                                           HTML              1  star
latestvid            A command-line tool to open or download the most recent YouTube video for any account.  JavaScript        0  stars
meme-me              A command line tool to open a random meme.                                              JavaScript        0  stars
messengerbot         A bot for Facebook Messenger.                                                           JavaScript        1  star
movieman             A manager for local movie files.                                                        Python            0  stars
nba-player-profiler  Compare stats for multiple NBA players at once.                                         JavaScript        0  stars
nba-scores           Get live NBA game updates through the command line.                                     Python            0  stars
nbadrafts            Datasets for all NBA drafts since the 1947 season.                                      Python            0  stars
next-ride-api        Web API for Brampton Transit's NextRide service.                                        JavaScript        0  stars
nowplaying           Python command line tool to see what song is currently playing in iTunes (OS X only).   Python            0  stars
pkg-stats            A command line tool for getting download stats for npm packages.                        JavaScript        0  stars
plan                 Comprehensively plan your road trips.                                                   JavaScript        0  stars
reddit-bots          A collection of small reddit bots.                                                      Python            0  stars
reddit-cli           Browse reddit through the command line.                                                 JavaScript        0  stars
RNgif                Generate a random GIF URL based on the provided keyword(s).                             Python            0  stars
seen-it              Stream YouTube content from /r/videos. Replacement for the now-deprecated reddit.tv.    JavaScript        0  stars
show-me-a-movie      Stream a movie torrent through your command line.                                       JavaScript        0  stars